E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\AuthMeServer.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\AuthMeServer.pdb
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Facepunch.ID.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Facepunch.MeshBatch.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Fougerite.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\RustBuster2016Server.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\uLink.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\UnityEngine.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.dll
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.pdb
E:\Users\DreTaX\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\AuthMeServer.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\AuthMeServer.pdb
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Facepunch.ID.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Facepunch.MeshBatch.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Fougerite.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\RustBuster2016Server.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\uLink.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\UnityEngine.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Facepunch.HitBox.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Google.ProtocolBuffers.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Google.ProtocolBuffers.Serialization.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.Schema.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\MySql.Data.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\RustPP.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Jint.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\MoonSharp.Interpreter.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\IronPython.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Scripting.Core.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\RustPP.pdb
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\IronPython.xml
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Scripting.Core.xml
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.dll
d:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.pdb
D:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
D:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.Schema.xml
D:\Projects\NETPlatform\Visual Studio 2013\AuthMe\AuthMeServer\obj\Release\AuthMeServer.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
